Yeah, change of view patterns, in the sense you don't get any Welsh programmes on BBC One anymore, do you?
Which we used to get, and I couldn't complain about it, you're an incomeer aren't you?
You can't come to Wales and say, oh I don't like the Welsh language, or you know, big fuss about that.
But what I used to find, it used to annoy the non-Welsh speaking Welsh people, of which I worked with.
But I can always remember the TV, I think about 20 to 7, it would chop and you'd say, oh now it's heavy.
So you'd switch over to something else.
But S4C as such hasn't affected my view at all, except for the fact there's no Welsh programmes on.
Although they do have some subtitles sometimes, and Poblokwm's very popular isn't it?
I don't watch, but I know I've got English speaking friends who do, and they think it's great.
But no, Cilly Artists, no it hasn't, no, no.